Moving on

That night of desperation brought me
to the edge of sanity and what I saw was very unpleasant.
I was thankful to have avoided death and permanent insanity, but little changed
in my life.  

In reality, I was a fractured person; I was broken in so many ways
and had given up on any hope for the future.  The only joy that I had in my life
were the shallow relationships with my drug buddies and the drug experiences
themselves.   This was my main fantasy that occupied my thoughts.

The Red Rocks Crisis marked a turning point in my life.  It galvanized my
thinking.  I became a full-blown hedonist, just living for the next thrill.  
Sex, Drugs, &amp; Rock and roll.  Eat, drink, and party for tomorrow we die.   At 14,
I never really expected to see my 20th birthday.  But I was fully committed to
living in the moment.  The next seven months would be the low point in my life.

My life was very enjoyable when I was high, but the rest of the time I was
driven by rage and hopelessness. Perhaps this mental state set me up for 
the epiphany that I was
to experience just months after Red Rocks. My life was about to undergo a
radical change in direction, that has lasted until this day.  But things were
going to get significantly worse before I was fully ready to change.  

I have seldom spoken of these events. My close friends and family are often
surprised to find out about these dark times.  Maybe it is just too painful for
me to tell the story, because the telling brings back those feelings of despair
and hopelessness that are long forgotten.  Or perhaps I am ashamed of how I
thought and felt at the darkest time in my life.  But I share this story with
you in hopes that  you might see a bit of yourself in my journey and have
courage to face the monsters in your own life.

 ...
Read More - https://seamansguide.com/journey/RedRocks.md
